Daughter, eat more
Okay, hurry up!
Eat, eat
Our family is about to be eaten poor by you
Say less
The child is still in the hospital bed
Am I wrong?
Your daughter is injured like this
If there are any problems in the future
Are we going to support her for the rest of her life?
Don't worry daughter
It will get better soon.
Dad will support you for the rest of your life.
OK
Mr. Chen, are you really going to lie to Miss Muzhizhi?
I looked into him.
There was nothing special about him.
This is the compensation you gave me.
Miss Mu, it stands to reason that with your emotional intelligence
You won't get any compensation.
We Chen always see you without a job
For the sake of lack of money
Gave you the job
But why is my contract so strange?
What can't you leave the Wan Group within 5 years?
Otherwise, even if I date
Given the particularity of your data analytics profession
And there were data clerks before
Take away company data
Therefore, our company has newly developed
So cruel, when was it reformulated?
You belong to the overlord clause
New this morning
I always feel like you're targeting me
Miss Mu Zhizhi, you can not sign
If the personal injury you caused me before
Diehard capitalist Miss Mu Zhezhe
You have no choice.
All right.
I see your injury is almost healed
Come to work tomorrow